Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/using_visit/Quantitative/Expressions.rst

   See case A in the examples below.

   When the donor variable is in a different database **and** the databases
   do not have multiple timestates, then only sub-string 1, above, is

>    needed to specify the path to the database in the filesystem. The path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   needed to specify the path to the database in the file system. The path
```

Image Processing Expressions
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> The image processing expressions defined here are not suitable for multiblock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image processing expressions defined here are not suitable for multi-block
```
